--------------------------------------------------
Section136Callouts Flag Files 
--------------------------------------------------
Changes are, you've opened this document because you want to know what these small (if not empty) .flag files are in your Section136Callouts\CORE folder. Here's a basic explanation of what they are:

***IF THERE IS NO FLAG FILES IN THIS FOLDER***
Don't worry, once you submit certain preferences within the mod, they'll soon appear!

1. What are they?
Similar to cookies, which are small text files used in your Web Browser, the .flag files keep track of decisions you've made. 

2. When are they used?
They're never used to identify you, and cannot do so, either. They simply keep track of decisions you've made. Here's a couple of examples:

-- discordplug.flag --
This flag is created when you click the button to join the Max's Hangout Discord Server from the S136 Menu (default key: X) and is present so the plugin knows in future not to show that button in the menu when you go on duty. It's presence tells Section136Callouts that you've clicked the button before, and therefore knows not to display the button in future.

-- autobugreport.flag --
This file is present if you have opted in to Automatic Issue Reporting (if you have, thank you) and is present to tell the plugin that it can automatically send reports to my servers.

-- autobugreport-prompted.flag --
This file appears when you've been prompted for a decision on whether to submit automatic reports of issues. If it's not there, Section136Callouts knows to prompt you for your decision, and create it afterwards.
It is different to "autobugreport.flag" which is only created if you have opted in - and therefore, Section136Callouts will know it can report. This file just tells the plugin you've decided whether you want to
submit your reports automatically or not. It is only present so you are not persistently asked to automatically submit bug reports.

3. Can I delete them?
Yes, if you want to. Please do bare in mind that it might re-activate certain prompts within the Callout Pack. Although I can't guarantee that manual deletion of flag files later on won't cause issues, the currently introduced ones (as of 1.0.2.0) will not cause bugs in the Section136Callouts installation.
That said, if you're not sure - it's probably best not to.

4. Why can't you just use an XML file or database?
I could do, but it would meant that your preferences would be reset each time you installed or updated Section136Callouts. Files aren't deleted when the mod is updated, and since the flags do not come within the download, your flag-based preferences are stored. 